Supervised Learning 
helps train models by using labeled data to predict outcomes for new or unseen data.Eg:Netflix

Unsupervised learning 
is when the machine looks for patterns in data without any labels.

Clustering 
is when we group things together based on the information we have about them or how they are related.

Find-S algorithm 
is a simple way for machines to learn patterns. 
It looks for the most specific pattern that matches all the good examples, focusing only on the positive ones.

PCA 
is a way to simplify big data into a few key numbers.

Decision Tree
It's commonly used in machine learning to classify or predict data.

Random forest 
is a method that uses many decision trees to make predictions.

Confusion matrix 
evaluates how well a classification model performs. 
It helps to see if the model is classifying things correctly or not.

Least Squares Regression
This method is commonly used in predictive modeling when there is a linear relationship between the input and output variables. 

Logistic Regression 
is a way to predict if something belongs to one of two groups. 
It is used to make decisions based on data with two options.

k-Nearest Neighbors algorithm 
is a basic way to make predictions in machine learning for grouping or estimating values.

Euclidean distance is just the straight distance between two points.

K-means clustering 
is a technique in machine learning that groups similar data points together to form clusters.

Hierarchical clustering 
is a way to group similar things together without needing someone to tell you how to do it.

Rule-based methods 
are algorithms that use specific rules to make decisions or predictions in machine learning.

Bayesian network 
is a way to show and figure out uncertainties in a system.

Locally Weighted Regression 
is a type of way to draw a line through data points on a graph that focuses more on points that are closer together.

Artificial Neural Network 
(ANN) is a computer model based on how the brain works.

Backpropagation 
is a method to help neural networks learn and improve by making small adjustments to get closer to the correct answers.

Naïve Bayesian Classifier 
is a basic classification algorithm that assumes features are independent based on Bayes' theorem.

Text pre-processing 
is getting text ready for analysis in NLP.

Text clustering 
groups similar text together.

Test scores 
measure how well a model works on new data.

Confusion matrix 
evaluates how well a classification model performs.